https://codepen.io/phives/pen/MWwwMvp?editors=1100


<!-- review questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes.

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML provides meaning to the web page.
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML allows us to create and structure content such as paragraphs, headings, links, and quotes for web pages by using
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    an attribute is a characteristic that allows us to change color, font, size, etc. of the content within our web page. We put it within a tag enclosed with quotes.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is a header of the largest size. They run from h1-h6. The h1 tag should only be used once per page but technically there is no limit.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    In the head of our HTML document, we can put the title tag, style tag(for CSS), base tag(defines a base url for all relative URl's), link tag which shows the relationship between the HTML document and the file it's referring to,
    the meta tag which gives additional info about the HTML document, the script tag is also occasionally used to reference an external script file, and the no script tag which shows text if the browser doesn't support scripts
    7. What is an id?
    The id specifies a unique id for an HTML element. This id is often used to point to a style in a stylesheet and can also be used for javascript to manipulate the element with the specific id.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    In HTML5 any element can be added to an id.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Only once. Each element can only have on id and each page can only have one element with that id
    10. What is a class?
    A class is an attribute that specifies one or more class name for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    A class can be added to any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    You can use the same class as many times as you want. Classes are not unique
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target=_"blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image. The alt attribute can provide alternative info if a user can't load an image for some reason.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    you can reference an id using "#id_name"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section defines different sections in a file including header, footers etc. The div defines a group of code in a document or a section
    17. What is CSS used for?
    It is used to style HTML documents by adding color, font, and different styles.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is not unique and an id is unique. I would use an id to reference a css stylesheet but I would use a class to name a specific tag
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    We can select classes in CSS by using a period before the tag ex: .p {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of that specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A selector that allows you to select elements in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    section tags
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:20px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:capitals; text-transform:lowercase; text-transform-capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border:1px dotted #000000;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    div {
    }
    command a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* this is a comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    it should be shown to the left of the line that your typing on in the command line
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm (filename). You have to be careful because once it is deleted in the command line it cannot be retrieved
    34. Why should I use version control?
    Because it allows you to track changes made by contributors so that you can see where something may have gone wrong or different than expected.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every couple hours
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    First you need to fork the repo. Now your name should be in front of the /project name. After this you must add a collaborator or your TL to the project by going to settings and then manage access which is on the left side of the screen
    and then proceed to add the username/email of your TL. Next we must clone the repo by clicking the green button on the right side of the screen that says "clone or download". We will copy the https:// url. Next we will cd into the file that
    we want to clone the repo into. Then we will go to the command and type git clone (github cloned url). Then we will cd into the newly created cloned repo. After this we will use git checkout -b 'first-name-last-name' with a '-' in between first
    and last name. This will create your own branch name for the repo. After making changes to the file, you can add the changes by 'git add .' After this you can commit those changes by using 'git commit -m "message about the change". This will show
    us and others what change we have made. During this time we can use 'git status' to see that we are up to date or if we need to commit any changes. Finally we can 'git push -u origin (branch-name)' to push changes from that branch to the remote repo
    To finally submit a pull request, we can go to github and select the button next to new pull request and changes from master to the new branch name. Once branch name is selected, we can click the new pull request button. Once in the pull request page
    we will click the base repository drop down button and select our respective forked repo. Then add your TL as a reviewer and submit the pull request. Remember to not merge the pull request, the TL will do this.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
      An inline element doesn't start on a new line and only takes up as much space as necessary. A block element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    An absolute element has an absolutely fixed position meaning that there are specified offsets for the top, right, bottom, and left.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    div {
      float:left;
    }
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?



   -->
